add readme for devtools (#4)
napari/napari-plugin-devtools: README.md

# napari-plugin-devtools

[![License](https://img.shields.io/pypi/l/napari-plugin-devtools.svg?color=green)](https://github.com/napari/napari-plugin-devtools/raw/main/LICENSE)
[![PyPI](https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/napari-plugin-devtools.svg?color=green)](https://pypi.org/project/napari-plugin-devtools)
[![Python Version](https://img.shields.io/pypi/pyversions/napari-demo.svg?color=green)](https://python.org)
[![tests](https://github.com/napari/napari-plugin-devtools/workflows/CI/badge.svg)](https://github.com/napari/napari-plugin-devtools/actions)

A repo with tools and services for [napari plugin](https://napari.org/docs/dev/plugins/index.html) developers

## Validation tool
The validation tools provides automated tests for plugin developers, 
these checks verify that the plugin is available for users of napari 
to install, and would register entry points with napari. 

> There are two parts to the validation tool, one part being 
> command line interface and another part being pytest fixture, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two parts to the validation tool. One part is a 
command line interface and the other is a pytest fixture.
```

> ### CLI Usage

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Command Line Interface (CLI) Usage
```

> CLI can be used by continuous integration (CI) pipelines to introduce 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The CLI can be used by continuous integration (CI) pipelines to perform a 
```

> quick verifications of plugin setups without more specific input required, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
quick verification of a plugins setup without any specific input required. 
```

> it serves as a "sanity check". (Also accessible from python in validation.py)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It serves as a quick "sanity check". (It is also accessible from python in validation.py)
```

> The tool starts as `npd <cmd>`, there are 2 cmds currently:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The tool can be run as `npd <cmd>`. There are 2 commands currently:
```

`npd --validate-packages` should be used after packages are built
for pypi releases, (example: this repo is built by pep517 standard
`pip install pep517 && python -m pep517.build .`).  The validator
checks that all packages built under dist are correctly tagged with

> classifier "Framework :: napari". This is advisable for most plugins

Reviewer: ```suggestion
classifier "Framework :: napari". This is recommended for most plugins
```

> unless you do not want your plugin to appear in the built-in plugin installation tool.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
unless you do not want your plugin to appear in the napari built-in plugin installation tool.
```

`npd --validate-functions` verifies that after the plugin is installed 
to current python environment, typically done through `pip install -e .`, 

> there are at least one analysis function registered by the plugin, and 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
there is at least one analysis function registered by the plugin, and 
```

# napari-plugin-devtools

[![License](https://img.shields.io/pypi/l/napari-plugin-devtools.svg?color=green)](https://github.com/napari/napari-plugin-devtools/raw/main/LICENSE)
[![PyPI](https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/napari-plugin-devtools.svg?color=green)](https://pypi.org/project/napari-plugin-devtools)
[![Python Version](https://img.shields.io/pypi/pyversions/napari-demo.svg?color=green)](https://python.org)
[![tests](https://github.com/napari/napari-plugin-devtools/workflows/CI/badge.svg)](https://github.com/napari/napari-plugin-devtools/actions)

A repo with tools and services for [napari plugin](https://napari.org/docs/dev/plugins/index.html) developers

## Validation tool

> The validation tools provides more transparency and confidence for 

Reviewer 2: "more transparency and confidence for plugin developers" feels like marketing (which I think we should actively avoid) ... you could leave this out, since you describe exactly what it actually does in the next sentence.

plugin developers through automated tests, these checks verify that 
the plugin is available for users of napari to install, and would 
register entry points with napari. 

There are two parts to the validation 
tool, one part being CLI and another part being pytest fixture, 

> ### CLI Usage

Reviewer 2: lots of jargon.  write out "command line interface" and "continuous integration" in at least one place in the doc

CLI can be used by CI/CD pipelines to introduce quick verifications 
of plugin setups without more specific input required, it serves as
a "sanity check". (It is can accessible from python in validation.py)

The tool starts as `npd <cmd>`, there are 2 cmds currently:

`npd --validate-packages` should be used after packages are built
for pypi releases, (example: this repo is built by pep517 standard

> `pip install pep517 && python -m pep517.build .`) and the validator

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`pip install pep517 && python -m pep517.build .`).  The validator
```

checks that all packages built under dist are correctly tagged with

> classifier "Framework :: napari". This is required for most plugins

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
classifier "Framework :: napari". This is advisable for most plugins
```

> unless you wish your plugin remain hidden to typical end users.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
unless you do not want your plugin to appear in the built-in plugin installation tool.
```

> `npd --validate-functions` verify that after the plugin is installed 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`npd --validate-functions` verifies that after the plugin is installed 
```

to current python environment, typically done through `pip install -e .`, 
there are at least one analysis function registered by the plugin, and 
there are no conflicts in name or registration error, it also output 
all registered function signaturesin a json format that can be used 
for further inspection, for example:
```

>     [{

Reviewer 2: this is great!  might be nice to use `inspect.signature` type output instead of `getfullargspec` style.  somehing like:
```json
{
    "arguments": {
        "layerA": "napari.types.ImageData"
    },
    "return_annotation": "napari.types.ImageData"
}
```

Reviewer: Agreed, this could be nice. I don't have a strong preference though. I've merged the readme as we'd need to change this both in code and readme which would be a follow-up PR.
